# RuBeer

**RuBeer** will be a website to find the best beer in a city. It was inspired during RubyConf Uruguay 2011: *@apotonick* asked for people to take him out for good Uruguayan beer during his presentation and *@nu7hatch* replied from the audience that there was no good beer in Uruguay. Actually there is, he just didn't know about it. So the goal of RuBeer is that this doesn't happen any more. There'll be information on the site from different cities, so when you're visiting, you can find what good beers you can have there, and where to find them.

## Functionality

The user will select a country and get access to its profile. The profiles should be editable by registered users, making this a collaborative project. It will list the available beers in each country. The beers should have a rating so that people will know which one is the most awesome beer in that country, and locations so that users will know how to get it.

## Coming soon...

* The app offers you a map interface, so you can easilly find places to get a nice beer and have a good time.
* You can share comments, places, events, brands, histories or whatever you want that gives other people information about beers.
* You can use the app everywhere on the world! It runs on PCs, laptops, tablets, smartphones and so on.
* And last but not least, everybody who talk the beer language can use and enjoy the app!

## Our beer app secret recipe

* Ruby ;)
* Ruby on Rails.
* We'll be using (OpenStreetMap) [http://www.openstreetmap.org/] technology to embed maps into the site.
* We should check out http://www.ratebeer.com/

## Developing team by now (in no particular order, generated by random.org)

*@picandocodigo* - *@jmg* - *@dan-espino* - *@janogonzalez*
